This section will investigate some solutions that are already existing for our focusing problem. When it comes to language learning, there are clearly many resources/services available all over the world, and they can be categorized into 3 types: Language schools, Online platforms, and Offline communities.  Below describes each of them with examples of existing solutions.

Language schools 

Language schools are one of the most common options for language learners, and there are many schools for wide range of targets. For example in Brisbane, one of the most popular language schools, named “BROWN”, offers wide range of English courses for learners at all levels and ages, including some courses for special needs such as sports, demi pair, hotel/resort internship, or volunteer. Curriculums are designed for specific levels and goals of courses, and students are assigned to their classes based on their needs and English levels. Most courses are designed for students who can attend several classes every day of the week (Monday to Friday), and tuition are around $400-500 per week for those courses.
 
In non-English-speaking countries, there are many language schools that are targeting people who would like to attend 1-2 classes per day per week. Berlitz is one of them in Japan, which offers both class lessons and private conversation lessons depending on users’ needs. They have original textbooks that are designed for each course, including English for business scenes which is popular for business persons who are planning to go abroad for business purposes. Typical users attend 1 class a week, and the tuition is around $60-90 for 1 private lesson, and $30 for 1 class lesson ("BROWNS English Language School, Australia", n.d.).

Another type of language schools is ones that are conducted in holiday seasons for children. For example, English camping is a common activity of holidays particularly for children who are learning English. One of the organizations that run English camping is called English Camp World. They organize English camp for 2 weeks in England and participants come over from all over the world. Participants pay approximately $2000 per person, which is all-inclusive including entrance fees to theme-parks or sightseeing spots, but except for flight fees. The English learning activities focus on speaking, and Students are assigned to classes based on their English level so that they can feel comfortable speaking English. The best part of these kinds of services is that English learners can have special experiences that are very different from their daily lives, and those fun memories and experience can motivate them to learn more and more (English Camp World, n.d.). 
 
Overall, the advantage of language schools for language learners is that the materials and lessons are usually well-structured. Learners can choose the best one based on their levels and purposes, which is very important to improve language skills efficiently. The disadvantage, on the other hand, is that it is usually expensive for many people. Language learning always takes times and it is important to keep practicing, which means the cost would compile more and more. Due to its cost problem, language schools are not always accessible enough for everyone.




Online platforms

There are many online platforms that offers opportunities for language learning. Thanks to the internet, now people can speak to each other with seeing their faces, regardless of the places they are in. Utilizing this advantage, those platforms provide services where native speakers and learners contact and have conversation lessons through online video chat such as Skype. 

One of the most popular language-learning platforms in the world is called “Duolingo”, which features 23 languages. Once users register, they can start learning with their own pace for free (paid option available). While they are typically known as a source of language learning material, their target is for people wanting to learn languages from the beginning https://www.duolingo.com/info.

Another existing services is called “CoffeeStrap”, which is a platform for people who are looking for language exchange opportunities for free. This is a similar domain to what this project intend to investigate in that it focuses on peer to peer based learning. Users can either contact people appearing on the website to start practicing a language, or wait for CoffeeStrap to notify them about best matches, as the platform offers right matches by automatically learning users’ interests. This site also has implemented gamification where active users are given “karma” points when they speak to someone who’s learning their native language to incentivise this exchange (CoffeeStrap, n.d.). Though this project is not quite on this design process yet, it is worth mentioning about their website; while they have such interesting features as a platform, there are a few drawbacks such as login feature which requires social media to go through. This can discourage potential users to their site.

Offline communities

For those who want to have learning opportunity more casually, social gathering events is a common option. The contents differ from one to another but typically people with common interest in the same language gather to have practice sessions or casual meals together. One example is a Meetup event named “Brisbane Multi Language Exchange”. This group currently has 4180 members with background in many different countries. They organize 1-2 open events each week with average of 15-20 people attending. Each meeting costs only $2 for each person as a donation fee. 

The advantage of this type of learning opportunity is that it is usually not expensive, and it has social aspect more than any other options in that the events are open for everyone. The contents are more likely to have casual conversation over a couple of drinks rather than to have organized English classes. While this provides learners a good sense of community engagement which can be their motivation source, the disadvantage would be that the learning path is unclear and not structured well, therefore it is not always an efficient way to gain knowledge and skills especially for beginners. 
 

As it is seen above, all these 3 learning opportunities have their advantages and disadvantages; Language schools offer well-structured materials and lessons that suit every learner’s level but they are usually high-priced, Online platforms are mostly affordable but lacks community engagement which may cause motivation problem, and Offline communities are also affordable and have sense of community engagement, yet they often lack platforms and it is hard for learners to find a good place to attend. This project will seek a way to bring those advantage together while minimizing the limitations.  


